Update Tooling and Writing Your Own Application chapters (#81)
esp-rs/book: src/tooling/espflash.md

# espflash

> A serial flasher utility for ESP devices. Supports flashing _ESP32_, _ESP32-C2_, _ESP32-C3_, _ESP32-C6_,, _ESP32-H2_ _ESP32-S2_, _ESP32-S3_, and _ESP8266_.

Author: > Should it be mentioned here how espflash and cargo-espflash correlate with std and no_std?

`espflash` is used to upload the binary to the ESP chip, it is used in std and no std and its not really correlated to it ( changes a bit the way it uploads the binary when in std but we should not mention it here)

The [esp-rs/espflash] repository contains two crates, `cargo-espflash` and `espflash`. You can find more information on both of these in their respective sections below and in their corresponding README.

> #### A note on `espflash` and `cargo-espflash`.
>

> > The `espflash` and `cargo-espflash` commands shown below, assume that version `2.0` or greater.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The commands shown below work only with `espflash` and `cargo-espflash` v2.0 or greater.
```
